feat: align certification workflows with downstream execution environments (#80)
ansible-collections/partner-certification-checker: RELEASING.md

### When updating tools versions in the reusable workflow

> When updating versions of tools in the reusable workflow, ensure that the changelog, and any notifications to partners, include porting guides for related breaking changes. Furthermore, make sure that the information in the [Tested ansible-core branches and Python versions](README.md#tested-ansible-core-branches-and-python-versions) is updated to reflect any changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating versions of tools in the reusable workflow, ensure that the changelog, and any notifications to partners:
1. Include porting guides for related breaking changes
2. Make sure that the information in the [Tested ansible-core branches and Python versions](README.md#tested-ansible-core-branches-and-python-versions) is updated to reflect any changes
```
for a bit better readability
